okay now this is a whole different
ballgame yeah hot blonde yeah this is a
monocled Cobra this is potentially one
of the most dangerous snakes you will
see anywhere in the world you can see
it's big it's a heavy bodied snake and
it has a very very potent right on the
Trion that was close you can see how
well boilie Loden knows the snake though
he has absolute complete confidence
about how far it can strike
what assume there's me that movement is
catching the Cobras eye and that's
what's making it get up and look big and
aggressive look at him I've actually got
a bit of a bead on I'm sweating it fair
bit
Wow okay now that might seem like total
insanity but the truth is this cobras
fangs are on the upper jaw pointed down
like this and fixed this snake can only
strike coming downwards so coming down
on the top of its head like that it's
actually physically impossible for the
Cobra to buy pearly even so that's some
serious confidence Wow
as he turns around to focus on boilie
you'll see the back of that hood spread
wide and that round Center looks like a
big eye spot that is the molecule which
gives it its name
it seems ridiculous when you've got a
snake as inspiring as the molecule Cobra
in front of me there could be something
more deadly here but they're genuinely
is there's a snake in this village that
could literally eat all these other
snakes for breakfast that's the one
we're trying to find and it's also the
reason why Buehrle will do King Pablo
there's lost some of these fingers